MCLOUD-6748: Update devdocs regarding Redis L2 cache (#7750)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/env/variables-deploy.md

### `REDIS_BACKEND`

-  **Default**—`Cm_Cache_Backend_Redis`
-  **Version**—Magento 2.3.0 and later

Specifies the backend model configuration for the Redis cache.

Magento version 2.3.0 and later includes the following backend models:

-  `Cm_Cache_Backend_Redis`
-  `\Magento\Framework\Cache\Backend\Redis`
-  `\Magento\Framework\Cache\Backend\RemoteSynchronizedCache`

The example how to set `REDIS_BACKEND`

```yaml
stage:
  deploy:
    REDIS_BACKEND: '\Magento\Framework\Cache\Backend\RemoteSynchronizedCache'
```

{:.bs-callout-info}

> If you set `\Magento\Framework\Cache\Backend\RemoteSynchronizedCache` as Redis backend model then ece-tools automatically generates the cache config like this [L2 caching in the Magento application]({{site.baseurl}}/guides/v2.3/config-guide/cache/two-level-cache.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you specify `\Magento\Framework\Cache\Backend\RemoteSynchronizedCache` as the Redis backend model, then {{ site.data.var.ct }} generates the cache configuration automatically. See an example [configuration file]({{site.baseurl}}/guides/v2.3/config-guide/cache/two-level-cache.html) in the _Magento Configuration Guide_.
```
